Form: Add colCountByScreen Notes (#8233)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxForm/1 Configuration/colCountByScreen/colCountByScreen.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies Form column counts for different screen sizes.

Reviewer: Does this mean the same as "Specifies the number of Form columns for different screen sizes"?

Author: Yes, that is accurate. I will update the text accordingly, thank you.

---

> The following code snippet implements 2 columns for the "xs" screen size:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet specifies 2 columns for the "xs" screen size:
```

---

> [note] Column count changes [repaint](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#repaint) the Form. Repaints reset item states and reinitialize Form items and item templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] Changing the column count [repaints](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Methods/#repaint) the Form. Repainting resets item states and reinitializes Form items and item templates.
```
